<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
  - Created by Team 5 (Alex Kyer, Ben Dunko, Emaan Rana, David Carroll, Chris Koehler) on 2021.12.7
  - Copyright © 2021 Team 5. All rights reserved.
  -->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

<!-- Do not enter tags before the composition line since they are ignored by JSF -->

<!-- This page is constructed based on the siteTemplate -->
<ui:composition template="/template/siteTemplate.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="title">
        <!-- Set the page title -->
        <h:outputText value="About" />
    </ui:define>

    <!-- Create the content for this page below -->
    <ui:define name="editableContent">
        <div align="center">
            <h1>MuscianConnect Founders</h1>
            <br />
            <table width="90%" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="5">
                <tr>
                    <td>
                        <span class="heading">Chris Koehler</span><br/>Chris Koehler is a current student at Virginia Tech pursuing a Bachelor's of Arts in National Security and a minor in Computer Science.  He is currently seeking to continue his studies with a graduate degree in Law and/or Computer Science. Chris is an avid musician and is interested in exploring opportunities to increase accessibility to music education worldwide. Hobbies outside of the aforementioned includes shredding (electric guitar).
                    </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td> <!--Done-->
                        <span class="heading">Alex Kyer</span><br/>is a current student at Virginia Tech pursuing a Master's degree of Computer Science. His studies currently include developing cloud software technologies, and implementing them using Amazon AWS services.
                    </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td>
                        <span class="heading">Ben Dunko</span><br/>is a current student at Virginia Tech perusing a Bachelor's of Computer Science. In addition to Cloud Software development he is interested in microeconomics, game design, music, and the intersection of the aforementioned topics with computer technologies.
                    </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td> <!--Done-->
                        <span class="heading">Emaan Rana</span><br/>is a current student at Virginia Tech pursing a Secure Computing Bachelor's of Computer Science. Besides Cloud Software development she has interest in transdisciplinary work such as how Software Development impacts art, music, and game dev.
                    </td>
                </tr>
                <tr>
                    <td>
                        <span class="heading">David Carroll</span><br/>is a student at Virginia Tech pursuing a Bachelor's of Computer Science. He is interested in cyber security and will continue his studies with a graduate degree in Computer Science with a concentration in cyber security.
                    </td>
                </tr>
            </table>
            <br/><br/><br/>
        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
<!-- Do not enter tags after the composition line since they are ignored by JSF -->
</html>
